Hero: Welcome To ALBILSAN Company and learn more button

homepage content: 

1) 
* High Transportation Network
* Rising success
* Warehouses
* High Customer satisfaction 

2) 

About Us
We take pride in our products, and we strive to bring you the same quality and high standards that have made us proud over 20 years. Being a model in the sector and we are progressing with the developments in the market. AlBilsan
Co. also operates across the Middle East and Africa. We are specialized in the marketing and distribution of top-quality products.


3) A few things we’re great at

expertise
20 Years of expertise on Global Trading

high standards
We are specialized in the marketing and distribution of top-quality products.

Localization in mena region
AlBilsan Co. also operates across the Middle East and Africa.

4) CTA

5) Latest News From Us - 3 blog cards 

6) basic footer





ABOUT PAGE CONTENT: About Us
We take pride in our products, and we strive to bring you the same quality and high standards that have made us proud over 20 years. Being a model in the sector and we are progressing with the developments in the market. AlBilsan Co. also operates across the Middle East and Africa. We are specialized in the marketing and distribution of top-quality products.
Our product range; Foodstuff, Beverages, Medical and Medical Equipments, Surgical Instruments, Furnitures, Spare Parts, Construction and Construction Equipments, Ceramics, Parquest, Wall Papers, Office Items, Lightening, Paint Removers, Brushes and Rolls for Paint Industry, Plastic, Electricity Equipments, Sports Items, Textile, Hotel Supplies, Disinfectation and Disinfectation Stands, Detergent, Personnel and Home Cleaning Items, Pet Supplies, and many more.. We also supply as our customers requested. 

A few things we’re great at
expertise
20 Years of expertise on Global Trading

high standards
We are specialized in the marketing and distribution of top-quality products.

Localization in mena region
AlBilsan Co. also operates across the Middle East and Africa.


News Page: I will give the blog content later



Contact page: 

Get in touch
Location
Alothman Building Eyal Nasser 5 Floor No.-M01 Deira – Dubai

Contact Us
Phone : +917 58 578 7302

Phone: +917 4 325 2274

Email : info@albilsantrading.com

Our Hours
MON-FRI 09:00 – 18:00